what is going on guys this is Trendkill
and in case you guys have not seen it
yet today the second dlc for borderlands
2 entitled mr. torgue's campaign of
carnage has been released now this is an
arena style dlc similar to the original
arena-style dlc for borderlands one mad
moxxi's underdome riot except in this
one there are four tiered arena-style
challenges apparently a cup of them are
going to be just straight up kill and
shit one of them is going to be an
objective based challenge and another
one is going to be basically just racing
now each of those four different
challenges has three tiers of difficulty
the final tier being a repeatable level
50 challenge that you can do over and
over and over for what are called torg
tokens which is a currency that you can
spin at a vendor to get new items now
unlike mad moxxi's underdome riot for
borderlands 1 this is not just strictly
an arena dlc there's also going to be
some side quests and it's got more of a
storyline than just basically saying ok
go fight a bunch of people in an arena
now this DLC is going to be priced just
like the first one at ten dollars or 800
microsoft points and it's supposedly
going to add about six to eight hours of
main storyline and another two to three
hours inside quest so you're looking at
about eight to ten hours worth of
gameplay very similar to the first dlc
plus you're getting the level 50
repeatable challenges so there's going
to be a lot of time that you're going to
be able to spend in this dlc and it's
going to make it well worth the 10 bucks
you're going to spend on on top of that
mad moxxi is going to be a part of it as
well as tiny Tina and a couple new
characters that we haven't seen yet one
being mr. torgue and another guy that we
haven't seen yet called a piston now as
soon as Captain Scarlet dlc came out I
got sick and I miss all of my prime
upload time so I just kind of got behind
and kind of got down on it and said
screw it i'm just going to skip this one
and wait for the next dlc so rest
assured that tomorrow SNK and i will be
recording some of the new dlc and we
will be getting it out to you as soon as
possible so i'm going to be looking to
make as many videos as I can for this
DLC because you guys missed out on last
time so if you do not have the season
pass and it's not already downloaded on
your xbox ps3 or on your PC go do
that now and if you have any questions
or comments anything like that leave it
in the comment section below and until
next time guys I'm gonna go ahead and
get out of here thanks for stopping by
and hanging out with me and I'll see you
later peace guys